there's a rather peculiar item occurred
is like an explainer to use I'm not
keeping you waiting as they inserted the
money coming to our families I'll become
terrible is really in type of tool and
of course none of us likes to take it
you know not knowing the movie belongs
to well as a matter of fact they won't
let us but Tim it's true my stepfather
you see when my dad died years old and I
can see you now used to come home from
work once a year it was a hot cross bun
maker he used to sit me on with me and
Pat me on the shoulder when the door was
on the shoulder but Phil of course I
believe funny detector really liked to
cook but he threw our stepfather that we
can't find this all his money belongs to
does he
my stepfather married twice but when he
married our second mother my brother and
I we would away at the time my brother
is dead now he died with I drove earlier
he hadn't our season he took him out and
put him in cocktail Bobby cut on a man
digging taupe forever that's running
away from the cubby well when my brother
returned from his work where he be
evening working for the young not
matronly exactly the term the government
had some stone they wanted break-in and
the brother got the contract will when
he came back I came back at the same
time I don't even away for five years
angered you in that time our stepfather
as manager third mothers and the UCCS
also our second mother so my brother
miss our third mother and fell in love
with America well now that's where the
trouble come in because you see that
made me my brother Sammy and my
sister-in-law was really my mother
well now then follow me folks live again
there was a man that by Mary
she had an adopted daughter led to her
parents for something and the she uses
orders fell in love with a man that fits
the house when I was sick a mother if
you ever get into will now then he
spends two wheeler this this is Robin
cricket
you see the uncle also suppose oh no no
I'm wrong right no yes that's right
on there there was a person in it as
well but remember I know we got so mixed
up that my brother's was his own
fabulous affinis I know that's how weak
my owned up of course I didn't want to
walk you apply your time with that I
hope you won't think anything what I
said about dead here all dead I can
command about dead nigga run only on did
you know I'm going to have some balloons
and I just got 10 minutes to go to Akito
Calixtus and if I don't hurry I you
can't be able to get a job without me
before I go